Privacy Policy of OOO Co., Ltd.

OOO Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as the "Company") establishes and discloses guidelines for handling personal information as follows in order to protect the personal information of the information subject (customer) pursuant to Article 30 of the Personal Information Protection Act and to promptly and smoothly handle related grievances.

1. Purpose of processing personal information
The company processes personal information for the following purposes and does not use it for any purpose other than the following.
- identifying customers' intention to sign up, identifying and certifying themselves by providing services to customers, maintaining and managing membership, paying the amount based on the supply of goods or services, and supplying and delivering goods or services, etc.

2. Processing and retention period of personal information
1 When collecting personal information from the information subject, the company processes and retains personal information within the agreed period of personal information possession and use or the period of personal information retention and use under the statutes.
2 Specific personal information processing and retention periods are as follows.
- Customer subscription and management: Until service contract or membership cancellation: Provided, That if there is a bond or debt relationship remaining, the bond or debt relationship is settled.
- Supply record of contracts, withdrawal of subscriptions, payment, and goods in e-commerce: 5 years

3. Providing personal information to third parties
The company does not provide personal information to third parties except in cases falling under Article 17 of the Personal Information Protection Act, such as separate consent of the information subject or special provisions of the law.

4. The right, obligation, and method of exercise information of the information subject may exercise the following rights to the company at any time:
1. Requesting personal information access
2. Request correction if there is an error in personal information
3. Request for deletion
4. Request Processing Stopping

5. The personal information item company handles the following personal information items.
- Name, date of birth, address, phone number, mobile phone number, gender, email address, etc.

6. Disposal of Personal Information
1 The company destroys personal information without delay when personal information becomes unnecessary, such as the expiration of the period of personal information retention or achievement of processing purpose.
2 The company destroys personal information in the following ways.
- Electronic files: Formatting storage media such as file deletion and disk
- Handwritten documents: shredding or incineration

7. Measures to secure personal information safety
The company is taking the following measures to ensure the safety of personal information.
- Administrative measures: Establishing and implementing internal management plans, regular training for employees, employees, etc.
- Technical measures: Management of access rights, such as setting passwords for personal information processing systems (or computers with personal information), installation of security programs such as vaccine software, and encryption of files with personal information.
- Physical measures: Tissue, access control, etc. of places where personal information is stored and stored

8. Personal Information Protection Officer
The company is in charge of handling personal information and appoints a person in charge of personal information protection as follows to handle complaints and damage relief related to personal information processing.
▶ Person in charge of personal information protection
Name: OOO Position: OOO
Contact : <Phone number>, Email: <Email>, Fax: <Fax number>

9. Personal Information Processing Policy Change
This Privacy Policy will be applied from November 11th, 2014.



2. Details of personal information collection at the time of membership registration
OOO Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "company") collects personal information below for the use of the service pursuant to Article 30 of the Personal Information Protection Act.You will be given permission to use it.

1. Purpose of processing personal information
The company processes personal information for the following purposes and does not use it for any purpose other than the following.
1 Identifying users and verifying identity
2 Objective To deal with customer complaints, such as contact complaints, for the performance of contracts.
Check if the child is under the age of 314.

2. Personal information collection items
Name, ID, nickname, email, legal date of birth

3. Processing and retention period of personal information
Delete immediately when a member leaves the membership


3. Details of personal information collection when writing postings such as bulletin boards
Collection of personal information below for service use in accordance with Article 30 of the Personal Information Protection Act.You will be given permission to use it.

1. Personal information shall be processed for the following purposes, and personal information shall not be used for any other than that.
Handling customer grievances, such as identifying users, verifying identity, and contacting complaints to fulfill the purpose contract.

2. Personal information collection items: name, ID, nickname, email, phone number, mobile phone number

3. Processing and retention period of personal information: Deleting a post immediately